Revise Documentation, Correct a single constant (#1326)
nasa/trick: trick_source/web/README.md

You can find documentation here:

> [Web Server Documentation](/docs/documentation/web/Adding_a_Web_Server_to_Your_Sim)

Author: Non-promotion change

> [Web Server Documentation](/docs/documentation/web/Adding_a_Web_Server_to_Your_Sim)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Web Server Documentation](https://nasa.github.io/trick/documentation/web/Adding_a_Web_Server_to_Your_Sim)
```

Need the full path to our hosted docs at nasa.github.io. Relative path will take you to documentation source instead of the stylized docs page.

Author: Ah, I see.
